Seriously?
You’re going?
Come on, Nadia.
It’s just a party.
It’ll be fun!
I don’t know, Phoebe.
Look, I’ve been
at Jessica’s parties before.
It was totally fine.
Shh!
Wait, you’ve been
to her house before?
Yeah, for another party.
It was great.
Nothing bad happened.
And guess who’s going
to be there?
Who?
Hey, Nadia.
Hey, Jonah.
Hmm,
come for a little bit,
and if you feel uncomfortable,
you can leave.
Even if I said yes,
my parents
would never go for it.
They don’t have to know.
Just sneak out.
That’s what I do.
So how about it?
Have a little fun!
. . . how 1 Timothy 2:14
describes Adam:
“Also, Adam was not deceived,
“but the woman
was thoroughly deceived
and became a transgressor.”
Adam just accepted Eve’s offer.
He didn’t think it through.
If I go to this party, what could happen?
Hey, Nadia.
I can’t go to this party.
The scripture says
that Adam wasn’t deceived,
but Eve was.
Adam didn’t even try
to help readjust Eve’s thinking.
So excited!
It’s not enough for me to not go.
I need to talk to Phoebe
and help her see
why she shouldn’t go either.
I know you’re disappointed.
I’m sure the elders
must have their reasons.
I’m sure they do.
What does that mean?
Nothing.
Just forget it, OK?
Carl?
Why would the elders
decide that about your case?
It doesn’t make any sense!
Not that I’m surprised.
Uh, sure, I’ll see you tomorrow,
and we’ll sort this thing out together.
Don’t worry.
I’ll help you fix this.
If I were an elder,
I would never treat people like this.
What were they thinking?
“. . . and 50 men to run before him.”
What was Absalom thinking?
Wait.
What am I thinking?
Absalom turned people away from the king,
telling them he was more just,
more understanding.
If I take sides with Carl tomorrow,
what could happen?
They don’t even belong!
They call themselves Christians and elders?
And they want to control everybody!
. . . what’s wrong with the elders too.
They need to be out.
Really?
...because they’re always being judgemental.
Why would they do that?
Why?
Oh, my goodness!
I don’t know all the facts.
And even if I did, it doesn’t matter.
I can’t let my pride
get in the way of my loyalty to Jehovah.
Absalom could have avoided
all those bad things
if he only stayed content.
I need to ask Jehovah’s help
to root out those bad things in my heart
so I can stay content.
Brother Elliott, my ex-husband
won’t stop calling me.
And every time he does call,
he just brings up
all of these emotions . . .
You got a text message, Honey.
Oh, can you see who it’s from?
Yeah.
It’s Kaitlin.
She’s just thanking you
for listening to her today.
She seems to be talking
with you a lot lately.
Is everything OK?
Oh, yeah.
She’s just going through some issues.
Being newly baptized and all,
she likes to bounce things off the elders.
But does it
always have to be with you?
Of course not,
for some reason she
feels comfortable talking to me.
Have I ever given you any reason
to be concerned over the way
I shepherd sisters?
No, never.
So don’t worry.
I’m just giving her time to get familiar
with the other elders on the body.
OK,
I’m going to get ready for bed.
OK, I’m going to stay up for a bit
and work on my talk.
OK.
Avoiding the trap of overconfidence.
Solomon had served Jehovah his whole life,
but with time,
he started relying on his own thinking.
It’s Kaitlin again.
“Can you talk?”
Sure I can.
Wait a minute.
I do want to help Kaitlin,
but if I’m not careful . . .
How did I not see this?
I guess I just thought . . .
and that’s the problem:
relying on my own thinking.
Hey, Mike, it’s Terrance.
Sorry to call you so late,
but Kaitlin just texted.
Yeah.
She’s been having a rough time lately.
Do you think you and I
can have a conference call with her
and plan a shepherding visit?
Great.
Thanks a lot.
Sweet!
Yeah, it’s fresh, ain’t it?
I can make calls.
I can send texts.
I can do anything, all from right here.
Whoa! Cool!
But how did you get the money?
You know, last time I checked,
you didn’t have a job.
There are other ways
of making money, Son.
Like what?
Like online betting.
What?
You serious?
Yeah, I’m serious.
I bet on sports teams.
It’s easy.
It’s instant money,
but best of all—private.
No one ever has to know.
Here’s the link.
I wasn’t even thinking about this stuff
until I saw Julian’s new watch.
Now it’s all I think about.
Let me check something first.
Gambling.
Gambling is a form of greed?
Whoa!
Judas Iscariot?
Started off good, gave in to greed,
consumed him,
betrayed Jesus.
If I sign up for online gambling,
what could happen?
Yes!
“Flee from these things.
But pursue righteousness,
godly devotion . . .”
If I sign up for this,
I could lose a lot of money,
or worse yet,
I could win, and the love of money
could easily consume me,
like it did Judas.
I could fall right out of the truth!
Judas could have sought help from others.
I’m going to talk to my parents
about this whole thing.